here is the thermometer for stoves and
fireplaces that we propose on to
dawn to the point like this is a
device that allows you to manage the
temperature of your stove in any
security and optimize returns
this thermometer is usually shipped
in cardboard packaging sometimes in
plastic
it's a very simple device
of use at the back you see
Leman here that allows to fix the device
on the duct and then the filament all
around dilates and drives the eel
here rolled up that will indicate the
temperature on the back of the packaging
instructions for use in French
the apparatus and American manufacturing in
devices of very good quality compared
to what we could find on the
market there we'll do a little test
we will put the device 30 cm above
hair then we are finally burning
I do not know if the referee goes a lot
evolve
we see that it is missing a little bit
risk of getting closer to the temperatures
of smoke around 100 ie to the
low limit below which the
combustion is not good we have
energy losses and in product of
black smoke from creosote including
for ducts and air quality
in optimal combustion zone is good
in the right zone around
300 degrees we are overheating and there
however, we are potentially
danger
the stove or the ducts what can
sometimes generating chimney fires
so in these cases we will reduce
the arrival of air for example rent
fuel supply see here
the eil and at 100 ° so we will either
accelerated the arrival of air be put back
fuel